Remove extra parentheses (#15125)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/cloud-native/service-to-service-communication.md

### Streaming messages in the Azure cloud

> Azure Service Bus and Event Grid provide great support for applications that expose single, discrete events like a new document been inserted into a Cosmos DB. But, what if your cloud-native system needs to process a *stream of related events*? [Event streams](https://msdn.microsoft.com/magazine/dn904671.aspx?f=255&MSPPError=-2147217396) are more complex. They're typically time-ordered, interrelated and must be processed as a group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Service Bus and Event Grid provide great support for applications that expose single, discrete events like a new document has been inserted into a Cosmos DB. But, what if your cloud-native system needs to process a *stream of related events*? [Event streams](https://msdn.microsoft.com/magazine/dn904671) are more complex. They're typically time-ordered, interrelated, and must be processed as a group.
```
